WIP: Kiosk documentation (#66)
MapsIndoors/mapsindoors.github.io: collections/_cms/kiosk.md

---
layout: tutorial
title: Setting your app up for Kiosk mode
nav_weight: 1300
date: 2020-02-10
published: false
---

Please do the following before getting started:

* Disable the on-screen keyboard in the operating system of the computer the kiosk will run on
* Disable the browser's position

> ## Create all kiosk in the CMS

Reviewer: ❓ 🤷‍♂  I don't understand this heading. Should it be `Create a kiosk [...]`?

Log in to the CMS and create a new Location Type. Give it a name like e.g. "Kiosk".

> Create all your physical kiosks as Locations in the CMS with the Type you just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create all your physical kiosks as Locations in the CMS with the Location Type you just created.
```

## Configure the kiosk

To enable "kiosk mode" you need to set a few parameters in the URL. The `?` symbol have to be in front of the first parameter, and all other parameters are separated with an `&` symbol.

This is what the full URL for an app in Kiosk mode will look like:

<a href="https://clients.mapsindoors.com/demo/899cf628675f4b0695669529/search?origin=5a0d66192e33469c8909203d&timeout=20"><p>https://clients.mapsindoors.com/<strong>demo</strong>/<strong>899cf628675f4b0695669529</strong>/<strong>search?origin=5a0d66192e33469c8909203d</strong><strong>&timeout=20</strong></p></a>

Deconstruction the URL, this is what it contains:

* **`demo`** is the `SolutionID` (or `Alias`) for your Solution
* **`899cf628675f4b0695669529`** is the `VenueID`

> * **`?origin=5a0d66192e33469c8909203d`** is the location selected as "fixed origin"

Reviewer: Maybe tell that this should represent the physical location of the kiosk.

> * **`&timeout=20`** is the timeout period before resetting

Reviewer: in seconds.

### `origin` aka. "Fixed origin"

The "fixed origin" is configured with the `origin` URL parameter followed by the `location id` of the kiosk. The `location id` can be found in the CMS on the Location under the "Advanced" panel.

This is the place from which all directions will be given from.

Make sure this Locations exists in the Venue you set with the `VenueID`.

Rememember that if you move the physical kiosk in your buildings you will have to update the position of the `POI` in the CMS as well.

### `timeout` aka. "Reset kiosk"

> To make the kiosk reset after a fixed time interval, use the `timeout` URL parameter. The `timeout` value is in seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make the kiosk reset after a fixed time of inactivity, use the `timeout` URL parameter. The `timeout` value is in seconds.
```
